Arctic foxes are built for the cold,
with thick white fur that even covers the pads of their feet
and ears that are rounded to make them less susceptible to frostbite.
These captive foxes are part of a government funded
effort in Dovre to preserve the species.
Arctic foxes are critically endangered in Norway,
and this breeding programme in the Nordryggen mountains is trying to bring them back from the brink.
The senior scientist here is a Arild Landa
because the arctic fox has a very nice and valuable winter fur,
it was hunted down to very low populations.
In the beginning of 1900's a nice blue arctic fox skin was paid with 800 kk,
which equals to one year salary at that time.